[DOCU-2419] Open Resty (#4187)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: src/gateway/kong-production/kong-openresty.md

---
title: Embed Kong in OpenResty
content-type: how-to
---

## Embed Kong in OpenResty

> If you are running your own OpenResty servers, you can embed Kong

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running your own OpenResty servers, you can embed {{site.base_gateway}}
```

> by including the Kong Nginx sub-configuration using the `include` directive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by including the {{site.base_gateway}} Nginx sub-configuration using the `include` directive.
```

If you have an existing Nginx configuration, you can include the

> Kong-specific portion of the configuration which is output by Kong in a separate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.base_gateway}}-specific portion of the configuration which is output by {{site.base_gateway}} in a separate
```
